Add `The Followpoint: Hivie, the Man of Anything and Everything` news post (#12472)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-12-05-the-followpoint-hivie-the-man-of-many-things.md

---
layout: post
title: "The Followpoint: Hivie, the Man of Many Things"
date: 2024-12-05 17:00:00 +0000
series: The Followpoint
---

> Ever heard of the person who does literally anything you can think of? No? Well, in this The Followpoint anniversary interview you'll learn more about such a person!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes in order to keep the cogs turning, you need someone who does a little bit of everything. In this anniversary interview of The Followpoint, you'll learn more about such a person!
```
